side-nav: new variants for nested items (#1702)
agriculturegovau/agds-next: .changeset/few-brooms-hide.md

---
'@ag.ds-next/react': minor
---

> side-nav: Add `always` and `whenActive` variants for nested items.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
side-nav: Add `always` and `whenActive` variants for sub-level items.
```

> side-nav: Add `always` and `whenActive` variants for sub-level items.

Reviewer: I would elaborate on this more, especially since the default has changed

Author: - [ ] callout default change
